my father.
Can you hear that?
The screams within my heart.
The voices of the forsaken.
THE ROYAL PALACE -
ABOVE THE MAIN ENTRANCE
What was that?
THE ROYAL PALACE - MAIN ENTRANCE
POST INVASION - THE SEIREITEI
POST INVASION - URBAN AREA
What's causing all this shaking?!
I'm not sure. I've never felt
anything like this before.
POST INVASION - URBAN AREA
This can't be good...
POST INVASION - OPEN AREA
Did they remove the keystone...?
The keystone that holds
the three worlds together...
POST INVASION - OPEN AREA
What are they up to...?
MAYURI KUROTSUCHI'S PRIVATE LAB
REINFORCED WITH FLOODLIGHTS
Is the place...shaking?
MAYURI KUROTSUCHI'S PRIVATE LAB
REINFORCED WITH FLOODLIGHTS
What the hell...
MAYURI KUROTSUCHI'S PRIVATE LAB
REINFORCED WITH FLOODLIGHTS
is going on?!
MAYURI KUROTSUCHI'S PRIVATE LAB
REINFORCED WITH FLOODLIGHTS
POST INVASION - STONE FORT SITE
POST INVASION - NEAR THE RUBBLE
ISHIDA RESIDENCE - RYUKEN'S ROOM
KUROSAKI RESIDENCE
This shaking...
Can you hear that?
It's the footsteps to a new world.
I will put an end to
your endless humiliation.
Yhwach...
We've come to stop you.
I've been expecting you...
Ichigo Kurosaki.
I put my hands together and pray
Why is fate so cruel?
My will to put on a brave face
is about to break
Everything I do seems to go wrong,
you know?
Oh, calm down,
I still have faith in you
Even if we're apart
Even if you forget about me someday
BLEACH: THOUSAND-YEAR BLOOD WAR
We don't need words
to understand each other
We're connected on a higher level
I'm sorry, fate,
but you're full of it
So let's laugh it off
by putting on a brave face
With you, I think we can alter fate
On lonely nights
when I feel like crying
I will pray for you
so that I won't leave you all alone
I foresaw this.
You're here to stop me
from killing the Soul King, right?
"Foresaw"?
What's that supposed to mean?
Kurosaki, is it me...
or are his eyes...?
What's up with those eyes?
These are the eyes that see all.
They are the proof
of a true Quincy.
Everything rests in
the palm of my hand...
The future of the Soul King
and your future as well.
I won't let you.
That's what these powers are for.
So you have two Zanpakuto...
Go ahead, try and use them.
Let's see if you can defeat me
with those blades...
or if they will break once again.
Getsugatensho.
Nice try.
Sankt Bogen.
I see, Getsugatensho...
That was pretty creative of you.
However...
What's wrong?
Aren't you going to fight back?
If you fear, the only future
left for you is death!
That right?
Qualkreis.
Rest in darkness once more, Ichigo.
Getsuga...
Sankt Zwinger!
Jujisho!
So that's Kurosaki's new power...?
It's over, Yhwach.
I see...
Your training here has indeed
made your power grow stronger.
You must have entered Irazusando
under Squad Zero's guidance
to gain its everlasting memories
and revelations...
How did you know...?
But even that's not enough.
Because I haven't used them yet.
I have not...
used my eyes
during our battle, Ichigo.
The real battle starts now.
It's time...
for me to take action!
Getsugatensho!
I can see it.
I can see your every action.
But you cannot see it, do you?
You cannot comprehend
the difference in our power.
You finally see it, yet you still
turn your blade against me?
How foolish.
The more you turn
your blade against me,
the more you will
fall into despair, Ichigo.
I'll defeat you and protect-
You will defeat me
and protect everything, is that it?
How many times
must I repeat myself?
I have seen everything
about your future.
The tremors won't stop.
What's going on?
Urahara might know something.
Let's head to the Department of R&D.
R-Right!
Was it this way?
You fool.
It's this way!
These tremors have been
going on for a long time...
Think the other captains
and lieutenants are okay?
Yes, of course.
You survived, didn't you?
Hey, I guess you're right...!
- Wait...
- Good job healing them.
Thank you!
Too bad you couldn't fix
her sharp tongue.
No...
S-Sorry!
These unusual tremors,
and the change in the air...
What is going on?
It's no use
trying to figure it out.
Now stop yapping
or we'll leave you behind.
Hey! Who said you could
go on without us!
Not yet...
Don't die yet...
Urahara says we'll need
tremendous amount of
Spiritual Pressure to create the gate.
Can our equipment handle it?
Mr. Urahara.
Yes?
The cause of this war
goes back to the conflict between
the Soul Reapers and Quincies
from a thousand years ago, right?
That's right.
Then why did the Quincies
head to the Royal Palace
without wiping out
the Soul Reapers?
You must have seen it as well.
The eternal world
that once existed...
and the darkness
that threatened it.
You saw the power of the Soul King
who could repel the darkness.
However, even someone with
the power to overturn the world
was being used to bring stability
to the world.
He could see everything
in the three worlds
even a thousand years into the future
with his discerning eyes.
He even foresaw the tragedy
of us Quincies.
Soul King Adnyeus saw it all.
He saw it and still chose to
abandon the Quincies.
The Quincies faced
near-extinction twice
just because they did not fit into
the system of this world.
So if the Quincy King stormed into
the Royal Palace,
it could be for only one reason.
This is why I have set my path.
I will kill my father...
and create a new world.
Do you have a reason
to turn your sword against me?
I came here to stop you.
I came to stop you to protect
the Soul Society,
the World of the Living,
Hueco Mundo...
all of it!
The Quincy blood in you
will never forgive the Soul King.
Getsuga...
I'm sorry, humans.
...tensho!
I'm afraid...
you guys won't be able to
defeat Yhwach.
But not to worry.
That's what peace is all about.
Isn't that right, Yhwach?
THE THREE WORLDS
You don't think Squad Zero
was wiped out, do you?
I don't know.
But there was enough
Spiritual Pressure back there
to rock the entire Seireitei.
What we can be sure of
is that someone in Squad Zero
used their Bankai or something
just as powerful.
So these ongoing tremors
are a result of that?
That would be
the ideal explanation.
But I'm getting a bad feeling...
I just hope Ichigo and the others
are okay.
What's with the long face?
Those guys went up to
the Royal Palace
to stop Yhwach at all costs.
All we gotta do is believe in them.
There's nothing to worry about.
I didn't know you could
come up with such good advice.
Right?
Wait, what's that
supposed to mean?!
Looks like everyone's also managed
to find their way to reach this lab.
Welcome!
We've been expecting you.
No you weren't.
Don't give us that, dumbass.
I meant it.
From here on, I really am
going to need all your help.
Wait. Do you know
what's causing these tremors?
I can't say for certain.
But one thing I do know is that...
these tremors are tied to
the safety of the Soul King.
Protect everything, you say?
Such arrogance.
You think nobody but you
can do that?
I don't care if someone else
can do it...
that's not a good reason for me
to run from this fight!
You intend to confront me
to protect the king
knowing he is but a sacrifice
to stabilize the Soul Society?
You sure like to talk.
It leaves you full of openings.
Touch them
and you'll be torn apart.
So don't move.
Tenshiheiso: Hissakikumoi.
I foresaw it all.
That you would meet
and resurrect Osho,
or how you would show up here
at his urging...
and that you arrived too late.
I will put an end
to your endless humiliation.
Farewell, Soul King.
That's the Soul King?!
You bastard!
Did you kill the Soul King?!
No...
He's still alive.
- Kurosaki!
- Ichigo!
Pull it out.
I know you can do it.
Pull that sword out...
and destroy the Soul Society
with your own hands.
I foresaw this, Ichigo.
The Quincy blood in you will never
forgive the Soul King's existence.
It can't.
It won't.
If the Quincy blood
courses through you...
then you must slay the Soul King!
Well done, my child.
I gave you the Spiritual Pressure
that resided in my sword.
It called to your blood.
Your actions, your will,
your everything
is connected with my will.
To completely break
the Soul King's seal,
I needed someone who possessed
the powers of Quincies, humans,
Soul Reapers, Fullbringers,
and Hollows...
I needed you,
who possess all of them.
What...?
Your awakening as a Soul Reaper...
and attaining your true power...
It was all for this exact moment
for you to end the life of
the Soul King in front of my eyes.
That...is the future I foresaw.
These readings...!
Still no news about
where the epicenter is.
How can there be
an earthquake like that?!
Maybe it's not a normal earthquake.
Wait, are you saying...?!
PASS
Ichigo...
Could this mean...
the Soul King is dead?
We were too late?!
No way...
What the hell is Squad Zero doing?!
Mr. Ichigo...
What happened to Mr. Ichigo?!
Calm down, you fool!
So what's going to happen now...?
What is certain is that at this rate
the Seireitei, or rather...
the Soul Society, Hueco Mundo,
and even the World of the Living...
will all cease to exist.
Come, Ichigo.
Let us watch it together...
the end of the Soul Society.
An ache upon
an unsatisfying grayscale
My confidence vanishes
I turned regret into lies
I ignored our chipped blades
I worked overtime
just for maintenance
But I knew all along
that this faded color
was an irreversible law
So I might as well pray
There's no turning back now
I thought I had made up my mind
but I'm still haunted by
doubt and anxiety
A bundle of emotions torn to shreds
with nothing left for me to gain
What's more important
than one's life
is to shoulder that burden
to sever this monochrome
I keep searching for the answer
to an unsolvable thesis
while making choices until I die
Then I remember where we came from
and the lives
that could never interact
No one is allowed to use the scale
since it falls apart in an instant
So, what can I measure
ourselves against?
Instead, I hold onto your words
that gave my heart meaning
It's always a paradox
The moon waxes
with each regret and sadness
The massive, unconquerable foe is
the darkness that dwells within me
I forsook my pride and joy
but I am still confounded
by this flock of imperfection
Beyond that white and resentful
midnight sun
awaits an illusion etched in black
"I was once you."
"Soon, you will become me."
"I can only pray the lives you carry"
"are not a burden to you."